K8s distributions & K8s versions - matrix (#144)
percona/everest-doc: docs/install/SetupPrereqs.md

### Supported k8s clusters

Percona Everest works on most of the cloud K8s and on most of the on-prem vanilla K8s. 

However, not all the many combinations of K8s distributions and K8s versions might be fully tested and certified. Please refer to the matrix below, and feel free to [contact us](SetupPrereqs.md#get-expert-help) in case of questions.

| Platform              | Kubernetes Version | Percona Everest Version | State                                   | 
|:----------------------|:-------------------|:------------------------|:----------------------------------------| 
| Google GKE            | 1.24 - 1.28        | >= 1.0.0                | Fully tested & certified                |
| Amazon EKS            | 1.24 - 1.28        | >= 1.0.0                | Fully tested & certified                |
| Vanilla K8s (kubeadm) | 1.24 - 1.28        | >= 1.0.0                | Fully tested & certified                |
| Azure AKS             | -                  | >= 1.0.0                | Works but not fully certified yet       |

> | DigitalOcean          | 1.29 - 1.30        | >= 1.0.0                | Works but not fully certified yet       |

Reviewer: Where did these versions (1.29-1.30) come from? The ones for GKE/EKS come from our DB operators supported versions but why is this one different?

Author: Hi!  Thanks for your comment

- As far as I see from https://docs.digitalocean.com/products/kubernetes/details/supported-releases/
  - 1.24, .25 .26 .27 are EOL.  .28 will be EOL soon
  - 1.29 and 1.30 are the two stable with EOL in 2025 

I put 1.29 and 1.30 based on previous internal discussions in the team channel.
Hope this helps

Reviewer: Since our QA team didn't test this platform I think we should do the same we did for AKS, i.e. say `Works but not fully certified yet` but don't have any specific versions.

Author: Thanks. Ok from my side. @rasika-chivate can we also add Peter as reviewer, please - for general feedback and because I know he gave a test to these Digital Ocean versions. So would like to hear his opinion as well. Final decision is on Peter/Diogo obiously. Thanks!

Reviewer: Peter is on PTO until next week so he won't be able to review this before the release.

I know that Peter tests on digital ocean but he doesn't run a full test suite to make sure everything works as expected so you were right by saying `Works but not fully certified yet`.
In general, I think that we can only mention specific k8s versions when we say `Fully tested & certified`. Otherwise, it can be misleading.

We are now working on automating a lot of the manual tests that QAs currently do, hopefully in the near term it will be much easier to expand all of these platforms to a fully certified status.

For now, we should abstain from advertising specific versions for digital ocean.

Author: done. thanks again. resolving

| Platform              | Kubernetes Version | Percona Everest Version | State                                   |
|:----------------------|:-------------------|:------------------------|:----------------------------------------|
| Google GKE            | 1.24 - 1.28        | >= 1.0.0                | Fully tested and certified                |
| Amazon EKS            | 1.24 - 1.28        | >= 1.0.0                | Fully tested and certified                |
| Vanilla K8s (kubeadm) | 1.24 - 1.28        | >= 1.0.0                | Fully tested and certified                |
| Azure AKS             | -                  | >= 1.0.0                | Works but not fully certified yet       |
| DigitalOcean          | -                  | >= 1.0.0                | Works but not fully certified yet       |
| OpenShift             | -                  |                         | Coming soon                             |
| Other cloud K8s       | -                  |                         | Should work but not fully certified yet |

!!! note

>     [Air-gapped](https://ibm.github.io/kubernetes-networking/vpc/airgap/) environments are not currently supported, but support for this is coming soon.

Author: Hi - probably pointing to the IBM guide can be confusing. The term is explained in that page, but then other IBM K8s specific things are discussed. I'd like to propose a different way

Author: ```suggestion
    Air-gapped environments (i.e. environments physically isolated from unsecured networks such as the public Internet) are not currently supported. Their support is coming soon.
```
